alright guys so um this is some horde
mode gameplay and this is going to be
how to beat the lamb bit Berserker and
this is one of the bosses and let's say
we're at wave 20 right now this was
actually really well done by the country
and snarky unfortunately me and nappy
gone we went out I went down really
early in the round I got caught on the
on the ledge or whatever with on you but
um basically it'll show here in the
video you see snarky taking out the
Drudge here it's going to show you guys
how to how to beat the Berserker and
it's a it's a hard task we had to figure
it out and I mean maybe to some people
it'll be easier than others but um you
know it was country country and snarky
put on a pretty good display right here
I'm starting a haddock lecture for a
little while then a big country actually
had to buy back in to help beat it but
it was a was still still really good and
um basically what happens is I'll
solidly no skip the gameplay here
whatever so I'm not going to I'm not
going to stay on it but um basically
what you gotta do is you've got to shoot
the Berserker in the yellow area you got
to get him to charge up once he opens
his chest and he's got the little like
you can see the the yellow inside of
them that's where you want to show you
just want to lay into them and that's
the only way that you can you can make
him take damage when he's just walking
then the only thing you can do is shoot
at him and try to get him you know get
his attention and then he'll start whole
he'll get mad how charged and then
that's when i'll show the middle yellow
and that's when you want to start
shooting at him now what happens in this
video is that a country and snarky they
what country was there i mean they were
both kind of playing the same role he
would chase like a country goes down and
and snarky would chase him until you
know country bought back in and then
once they bought back in country would
you know obviously get his attention
make him charged up then he would run
from home while smack he's chasing him
and vice versa vice versa because you
get he would switch people so while he
was such as targets I mean and then a
further into the round what happens is
that they get into actually towards the
end of the round they end up getting on
a turret and they have snarky kind of
lead him in and getting charged up and
then country literally just lays into
him with his turn I mean it so it was
probably like it took a good six or
seven minutes probably well probably
closer to 10 minutes to fight him now
guys when he's when he doesn't have his
chest open when it's yellow there's
nothing you can do does not take damage
it's just you're just literally
deflecting bollocks off of them it's
like shooting steel it's not going to go
anywhere it's not going to pierce your
arm or anything like that really the
nasher is not going to work the solid
off not going to work you're going to
need a I would say the the Lancer at
anything just because it's full auto and
you can you can aim it and keep it on
his on his body a lot easier than you
could anything else and that's that's
just my tips I mean I'll I'll leave the
rest of the video video for you guys to
watch and see how they did it was really
really well done like it was kind of
perfect actually how they did it so I
hope you guys enjoy that and be sure to
LIKE up the video if it helped you at
all hopefully it did and hopefully we
can bring you some more little tips and
tricks and now I'm not much of an
amazing gears player but horde mode we
do love to play I love playing some
gears some gears horde mode and I think
that I can we can bring you some some
good tips and some good gameplay from it
so remember guys shoot that yellow
circle it'll start flashing ho drop it
look like you're shooting like neon or
whatever and it's just like really weird
looking but it's obviously like his
blood and you got to shoot him right in
the chest and when he closes up you
can't shoot them it's not doing anything
get them to charge at you then I do you
can to get away from the shoot at the
same time so that's a that's all we got
for you today hope you guys enjoyed
again like I say like the video send it
to your friends show it to your friends
if they haven't seen it if you have any
other questions follow me on Twitter
send me a private message comment on the
video do which do
you as always it's been twit I hope you
guys just you know stick through and
watch country it's not you beast it up
it's between and I am out peace
this is GFX left hey whats up guys GFX
lab and better follow twit twit on
Twitter before I start raping your mom
while I'm raking your spawn twitter.com
/ underscore twitch with